Add browser's `setChecked` (#1696)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/javascript-api/k6-browser/elementhandle/setchecked.md

---
title: 'setChecked(checked[, options])'
description: 'Browser module: elementHandle.setChecked method'
---

# setChecked(checked[, options])

{{< admonition type="warning" >}}

> Use [`locator.setChecked(checked [, options])`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-browser/locator/setchecked/) instead.

Reviewer: Not required, but I think it would be nice to provide a reason why the user should be using the `locator.setChecked` instead.

Author: Good call 👍 We have a lot of these in other places as well. It'd make more sense to do them all in one go. Do you think it makes sense to create an issue for this?

Reviewer: Yeah, that makes sense to me!

Author: Here is the issue: https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/issues/1710

{{< /admonition >}}

> Use this method to select an `input` or `radio` checkbox.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this method to select or unselect an `input` or `radio` checkbox.
```

> <TableWithNestedRows>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think we need this HTML element here.

Author: We use this everywhere in the browser docs because we have "options" and "options.force" (nested). Do you think we should remove all `TableWithNestedRows` from our documentation? Do you know when we should use it? Thanks!

Reviewer: Ah, I think I see what you mean. In the old docs this would actually render the table differently:

<img width="840" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-29 at 11 40 39 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c583a8d1-45d3-4aa1-a2bc-4db8e7d4eaf9">

But in the Grafana docs, I guess we don't have that element and so it doesn't really make a difference in how the table is rendered:

<img width="812" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-29 at 11 41 33 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2f51a1a8-367b-45fc-b72e-9d5c21f67547">

So I guess we'd have to decide if this is something that we'd like to see in the Grafana docs, and then ask for help from the website team, or if we're ok with how it's rendered today.

Author: Thanks for the examples. I've created an issue with your reply 😄 https://github.com/grafana/website/issues/21482. So, I'm going to merge this PR. Once we decide on `TableNestedView`, we can remove the tag in one go or maybe leave it as it is.

| ------------------- | ------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| options             | object  | `null`  | Optional parameters.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| options.force       | boolean | `false` | Setting this to `true` will bypass the actionability checks (`visible`, `stable`, `enabled`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | options.noWaitAfter | boolean | `false` | If set to `true` and a navigation occurs from performing this action, it will not wait for it to complete.                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| options.noWaitAfter | boolean | `false` | If set to `true` and a navigation occurs from performing this action, the script won't wait for it to complete.                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

I think this would be easier to read if we replace "it will" by either "k6" or "the script", whichever makes the most sense.

| options.position.y  | number  | `0`     | The y coordinate.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| options.timeout     | number  | `30000` | Maximum time in milliseconds. Pass `0` to disable the timeout. Default is overridden by the `setDefaultTimeout` option on [BrowserContext](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-browser/browsercontext/) or [Page](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-browser/page/). |
| options.trial       | boolean | `false` | Setting this to `true` will perform the actionability checks without performing the action.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> </TableWithNestedRows>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Same as above.
